One thing you'll notice, among many other things.
No one, we said that we want to change these values so that they resemble percentages, right?
And we'll get there.
But the other thing you see, if you look at the original slider, we see these dividers here, right?
So these were very helpful because it will kind of give the users a visual representation of visual
aid as to the the chunks that they can increment with.
OK.
So what we can do if you have her over on a slider and go first of all, close this down, hover over
on our slider here can see we can also pass as you know, it's a composable can pass values.
We can pass parameters.
In fact, you can see that we can pass here arguments, one of which is range as well as steps.
Let's start with steps.
So make sure it would click inside here close to the first parenthesis.
And then what I'm going to do is put a comma section.
First of all, let's put a modifier because that seems to just make our day
modifier such and I want to give a padding.
In this case, they start padding when I say start right from left to right.
I want to have some sort of indentations and with 16 dpi, that's fine.
And the end padding to the right, on to the left, I'm going to see also 16 dpi.
All right.
There we go.
So what this will do, it will just indent this to the right.
And this to the left, that's what we're doing there.
So let's see what else can we do after automatic fire, we can pass now the steps right to show how
can we limit our entire slider so you can pass an integer here?
For me, I just want past five.
So if you have a over here steps, it will tell you exactly what that means.
So if greater than zero, it specifies the amounts of discrete values evenly distributed between across
the whole value range.
And now let's go ahead and run again.
Slide incrementing, you can stop there and continue like that.
And the other argument can pass if you have over is on file, you change finished.
We're not going to use this, but you can if you want.
What that means is that this is going to be a callback can pass an anonymous function in this case,
a lambda that will be called when we have stopped moving or sliding.
In this case, this light.
OK, so we're not going to use that, but you can experiment with that on valid changed, right?
It's a lambda.
You can just go ahead here and say something like log D, or you can do more calculation to say, OK,
once they've stopped moving, we can retrieve their value and do whatever we want to do.
OK?
We're not going to use that.
I just wanted to show you in a way this comment that out.
All right.
So we have our slider and we have our either on a face, even though we are missing this part here.
But that part is already done and we've done that part and is at the top so we can actually call it.
Let's see.
To make things easier, I'm going to call that.
Our top header.
Right about here, I guess a top
hat like this.
Right side of my bill form.
Let's run and see if that's going to work.
And voila, looks really nice.
The top header, so the whole application started to look like this.
Now we have some little bit minor issues.
Of course we can change that.
You see, the padding is a little bit different, which means what we have here on our top card is a
little bit smaller.
That tells me there is more padding around it so we can change that.
Let's go back to our card or top hat or should say a command.
Click on that or control Class B on windows and we can go to our modifiers and give it perhaps a more.
And give it that padding that we want.
So it can come up here and say that.
General padding of maybe 20 dpi such.
OK.
It looks real nice.
My much better.
Close to what we have here so we can play around with that, maybe that was a little bit too much,
I can say maybe 15.
Just to see.
What changes will see?
OK.
Much better, I think that looks pretty close to what we have here.
So at this point, we're able to put together the user interface, right?
So now they look pretty much the same, at least for what we are going for.
And that's wonderful.
And I hope you're seeing a pattern of what were you doing with compose or do you create little chunks
of the user interface and you can put them together by calling those functions as compose or functions
inside of other compose functions and go from there?
OK?
But the most important thing is to remember that along you have to also have the state OK, because
all of these widgets, all of these composable, they react to the values we passing in form of a state.
So now we're ready to start putting together the logic behind the actual calculations to actually calculate
the tip that we may need to pay.
OK, let's go ahead and get started next.